Fix failing docs_linkcheck (#2098)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/development/automated_testing.md

### Install `pytest`

> Install `pytest` as you would install other packages with `pip`, making sure your project's virtual environment is active.  If you're unfamiliar with virtual environments, see our [docs page on the subject](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/get_started/install.html#virtual-environment-manager) for a quick primer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install `pytest` as you would install other packages with `pip`, making sure your project's virtual environment is active.  If you're unfamiliar with virtual environments, see our [docs page on the subject](../get_started/install.md#virtual-environment-manager) for a quick primer.
```

Reviewer: We shouldn't hard code RTD links into our docs. Please use relative links and the docs build tools will pick this up before the publication process.

### Install `pytest-cov`

> Install `pytest` as you would install other packages with pip, making sure your project's virtual environment is active (see our [docs page on virtual environments](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/get_started/install.html#virtual-environment-manager)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install `pytest` as you would install other packages with pip, making sure your project's virtual environment is active (see our [docs page on virtual environments](../get_started/install.md#virtual-environment-manager)).
```
